c:\users\sempressimo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoungeWebApi\LoungeWebApi\bin\LoungeWebApi.dll.config
c:\users\sempressimo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoungeWebApi\LoungeWebApi\bin\LoungeWebApi.dll
c:\users\sempressimo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoungeWebApi\LoungeWebApi\bin\LoungeWebApi.pdb
c:\users\sempressimo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoungeWebApi\LoungeWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sempressimo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoungeWebApi\LoungeWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\sempressimo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoungeWebApi\LoungeWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\sempressimo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoungeWebApi\LoungeWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\sempressimo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoungeWebApi\LoungeWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sempressimo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoungeWebApi\LoungeWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\sempressimo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoungeWebApi\LoungeWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\sempressimo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoungeWebApi\LoungeWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\sempressimo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoungeWebApi\LoungeWebApi\obj\Release\LoungeWebApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sempressimo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoungeWebApi\LoungeWebApi\obj\Release\LoungeWebApi.dll
c:\users\sempressimo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoungeWebApi\LoungeWebApi\obj\Release\LoungeWebApi.pdb
C:\Users\sempressimo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoungeWebApi\LoungeWebApi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\sempressimo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoungeWebApi\LoungeWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\sempressimo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoungeWebApi\LoungeWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\sempressimo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoungeWebApi\LoungeWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\sempressimo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoungeWebApi\LoungeWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\sempressimo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoungeWebApi\LoungeWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sempressimo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoungeWebApi\LoungeWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
